docs(nx-cloud): update remote caching feature page (#27382)
nrwl/nx: docs/shared/features/remote-cache.md

# Use Remote Caching (Nx Replay)

> Repeatedly rebuilding and retesting the same code is costly — not just in terms of wasted resources, but also in terms of developer time. To solve this, Nx includes a sophisticated computation caching system that ensures **code is never rebuilt twice**, not just saving you time but also resources.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Repeatedly rebuilding and retesting the same code is costly — not just in terms of wasted resources, but also in terms of developer time. To solve this, Nx includes a sophisticated computation caching system that ensures **code is never rebuilt twice**, saving you both time and resources.
```

Reviewer: Making the tone more positive

The **Nx Replay** feature of Nx Cloud is a fast, secure and zero-config implementation of remote caching.
Repeatedly rebuilding and retesting the same code is costly — not just in terms of wasted resources, but also in terms of developer time. To solve this, Nx includes a sophisticated computation caching system that ensures **code is never rebuilt twice**, not just saving you time but also resources.

![Diagram showing Teika sharing his cache with CI, Kimiko and James](/shared/images/dte/distributed-caching.svg)

> In this diagram, Teika runs the build once on his machine, then CI, Kimiko and James can use the cached artifact from Teika instead of re-executing the same work.

Reviewer: I don't think the diagram is clear without some explanatory text.  No one knows what the arrows mean until we explain them.

> By default, Nx [caches task computations locally](/features/cache-task-results), but the biggest benefit comes from **sharing this cache across your team and on CI**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, Nx [caches task computations locally](/features/cache-task-results), but the biggest benefit comes from **sharing this cache across your team and in CI**.
```

> - Drastically **speeds up task execution times** during local development, especially [on CI](/ci/features/remote-cache)

Reviewer: Why are you linking back to this same page?

Author: oh that was a copy and paste error, thx. Fixing

> - Drastically **speeds up task execution times** during local development, especially [on CI](/ci/features/remote-cache)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Drastically **speeds up task execution times** during local development, and more critically [in CI](/ci/features/remote-cache)
```

- **Enabling Nx Agents:** Nx Replay is crucial for [Nx Agents](/ci/features/distribute-task-execution) to function efficiently. Nx Agents leverage remote caching as a **transport mechanism** for transferring task artifacts between machines as it distributes tasks. When a task depends on another task that may have been executed on a different agent, Nx Replay ensures the necessary artifacts are transferred seamlessly. This allows each agent to execute only its assigned tasks while relying on cached results for dependencies, ensuring tasks run only once and are shared across all agents. [Learn more about Nx Agents](/ci/features/distribute-task-execution).

## What gets stored?

Nx Cloud stores the following:

- **Terminal output:** The terminal output generated when running a task. This includes logs, warnings, and errors.

> - **Task artifacts:** The output of a task defined in the [`outputs` property of your project configuration](/recipes/running-tasks/configure-outputs). For example, the build output, test results, or linting reports.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Task artifacts:** The output files of a task defined in the [`outputs` property of your project configuration](/recipes/running-tasks/configure-outputs). For example, the build output, test results, or linting reports.
```

> - **Hash:** The hash of the computation. This includes the source code, runtime values, and command line arguments.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Hash:** The hash of the inputs to the computation. The inputs include the source code, runtime values, and command line arguments.  Note that the hash is included in the cache, but the actual inputs are not.
```
